primary_expr                    --> /expressions
postfix_expr                    --> /expressions
postfix_expr_p                  --> /expressions
argument_expr_list              --> /expressions
argument_expr_list_p            --> /expressions
unary_expr                      --> /expressions
unary_operator                  --> /operators
cast_expr                       --> /expressions
multiplicative_expr             --> /expressions
multiplicative_expr_p           --> /expressions
additive_expr                   --> /expressions
additive_expr_p                 --> /expressions
shift_expr                      --> /expressions
shift_expr_p                    --> /expressions
relational_expr                 --> /expressions
relational_expr_p               --> /expressions
equality_expr                   --> /expressions
equality_expr_p                 --> /expressions
and_expr                        --> /expressions
and_expr_p                      --> /expressions
exclusive_or_expr               --> /expressions
exclusive_or_expr_p             --> /expressions
inclusive_or_expr               --> /expressions
inclusive_or_expr_p             --> /expressions
logical_and_expr                --> /expressions
logical_and_expr_p              --> /expressions 
logical_or_expr                 --> /expressions
logical_or_expr_p               --> /expressions
conditional_expr                --> /expressions
assignment_expr                 --> /expressions
assignment_operator             --> /operators
expr                            --> /expressions
expr_p                          --> /expressions
constant_expr                   --> /expressions
declaration                     --> /declarations
declaration_specifiers          --> /declarations
init_declarator_list            --> /declarators
init_declarator_list_p          --> /declarators
init_declarator                 --> /declarators
storage_class_specifier         --> /types
type_specifier                  --> /types
struct_or_unior_specifier       --> /structs_or_unions
struct_or_union                 --> /structs_or_unions
struct_declaration_list         --> /structs_or_unions
struct_declaration_list_p       --> /structs_or_unions
struct_declaration              --> /structs_or_unions
specifier_qualifier_list        --> /types
struct_declarator_list          --> /structs_or_unions
struct_declarator_list_p        --> /structs_or_unions
struct_declarator               --> /structs_or_unions
enum_specifier                  --> /enumerators
enumerator_list                 --> /enumerators
enumerator_list_p               --> /enumerators
enumerator                      --> /enumerators
type_qualifier                  --> /types
declarator                      --> /declarators
direct_declarator               --> /declarators
direct_declarator_p             --> /declarators
pointer                         --> /types
type_qualifier_list             --> /types
type_qualifier_list_p           --> /types
parameter_type_list             --> /parameters
parameter_list                  --> /parameters
parameter_list_p                --> /parameters
parameter_declaration           --> /parameters
identifier_list                 --> /identifiers
identifier_list_p               --> /identifiers
type_name                       --> /types
abstract_declarator             --> /declarators
direct_abstract_declarator      --> /declarators
direct_abstract_declarator_p    --> /declarators
initializer                     --> /initializers
initializer_list                --> /initializers
initializer_list_p              --> /initializers
stmt                            --> /statements
labeled_stmt                    --> /statements
compound_stmt                   --> /statements
declaration_list                --> /declarations
declaration_list_p              --> /declarations
stmt_list                       --> /statements
stmt_list_p                     --> /statements
expression_stmt                 --> /statements
expression_stmt_p               --> /statements
selection_stmt                  --> /statements
iteration_stmt                  --> /statements
jump_stmt                       --> /statements
translation_unit                --> /translation_unit
traslation_unit_p               --> /translation_unit
external_declaration            --> /declarations
function_definition             --> /function_definition
